Example Books
=============

Some notes on the individual books found in here

romeo.yaml
----------

This is a little starter set for *Romeo and/or Juliet*, mostly just
intended to show off how it'll look as you go through populating the
book.  The italicized black-on-white ovals show you where you have
yet to explore.  This is the most useful thing the app does, IMO!

romeo_full.yaml
---------------

This is a nearly-complete version of the entire *Romeo and/or Juliet*
book.  There are thirteen pages missing, all from the Ceasar Cipher
puzzle during Nurse Quest.  (Spoilers, I suppose!)  The graph quickly
becomes ludicrously unwieldy with the whole puzzle in, so I decided
to trim it down to just a single victory path.  Otherwise, everything
is in there, including a hidden page and the "unlockable" character.

Some stats!

    Total pages known: 463
    Canon Pages: 86
    Ending Pages: 99
    Character Counts:
      Angelica: 37 pages
      Basement: 1 page
      EVERYONE: 1 page
      Juliet: 154 pages
      Macbeth: 11 pages
      Other: 12 pages
      Puck: 14 pages
      Romeo: 196 pages
      Romeo and Juliet: 19 pages
      Rosaline: 18 pages
    Missing pages: 13
    
    Missing page list:
    [243, 253, 261, 269, 276, 285, 295, 305, 317, 321, 331, 340, 342]

hamlet_full.yaml
----------------

This is the complete version of *To Be or Not To Be*.  The dotfile
that's generated by default out of the utility will end up producing
an absolutely insane graph, unfortunately.  The main link which
throws the whole thing into madness is (more spoilers!) when Hamlet,
as a ghost after being killed by Laertes, does a quantum leap back
into the mind of Hamlet Sr, on page 398.  There may be some ways to
keep that link in the file while still retaining a sane overall
layout, but rather than bother with that, I just put in a fake link
to a non-real page of "x596" (as opposed to the real page, 596).
You can see that down in the lower left-hand corner of the generated
graph.

`hamlet_full.dot` also contains several manual tweaks down near the
bottom of the file, which would be lost if the application generated
another dotfile on top of it.  There's a few sections in particular
which by default generate extremely "wide" trees, which end up jutting
into the other plotlines and generally making the graph look awful.
The manual tweaks in there were all just done with trial-and-error.
Doubtless they could be improved, but they're good enough for me
at the moment.  (Similar tweaks could probably be done to Romeo,
as well, though I think that one looks good enough that I haven't
bothered.)

This file is the only one which uses the "intermediate" page
capability of the app, since the other books don't need it.  Note
that the artist biographies near the end of the book aren't actually
linked-to from anywhere in the chooseable paths, so those will show
up as "missing pages" until they're marked, if that's the kind of
thing that bothers you.  (They're all correctly classified in this
provided file, though.)

Some stats!

    Total pages known: 565
    Canon Pages: 114
    Ending Pages: 99
    Intermediate Pages: 198
    Character Counts:
      Claudius: 19 pages
      Hamlet: 297 pages
      Hamlet Sr.: 40 pages
      Horatio: 2 pages
      Ophelia: 193 pages
      Other: 7 pages
      Ryan North: 1 page
      The Captain: 4 pages
      Yourself: 2 pages
    Missing pages: 0

ampson_full.yaml
----------------

This is a short ebook called *That Time Samuel Ampson Got His
Thumb Bit*, which serves as a prequel to *Romeo and/or Juliet*
and a sort-of sequel to *To Be or Not To Be*.  It was handed out
to Kickstarter backers of *To Be or Not To Be*, and I assume it's
probably not hard to come by if you weren't in that group, though
I've not checked.

Anyway, about half the book is given to an escaping-the-mobs
puzzle whose graph ends up being super messy and quite difficult
to follow.  I may end up trying to tweak it a bit with some
manual rules (as I'd done in `hamlet_full.dot`), though I suspect
that the inherent interconnectedness of all those paths will make
it resist clear graphing.

Some stats!

    Total pages known: 88
    Canon Pages: 0
    Ending Pages: 12
    Character Counts:
      Ophelia: 54 pages
      Other: 2 pages
      Samuel Ampson: 32 pages
    Missing pages: 0

yorick.yaml
-----------

This is a short little prequel to *To Be or Not To Be* called
*Poor Yorick*, which was given to Kickstarter backers of that book.
I assume it's probably available somewhere still, though I'm not
sure.  Anyway, it's quite straightforward but figured I'd include
it here for completion's sake!
